What's up kids today I want to bring you a
tutorial on how to use the new
multimedia player that they have added to
playstation 4 I just saw it today
Myself was here in download
automatically on screen I have not had
than to look for it with nowhere so
everything to fix has been pending for
being able to download it is free and for
use it what we have to do is
in a very simple way and before
nothing then we are going to take a pendrive
storage system and we're going to
create a folder like the one you see in
uppercase screen called ps4
someone once we make this folder
inside this folder then we are going to
re-create two folders also in
capital one a music call and another
call video where within music me
we have our favorite music inside
of videos we will put our series of
movies or whatever we want
once we have the folder created
the two folders created on the pendrive
with our our music in our
video we are going to introduce the pendrive in
the console let's proceed to
continuation
remember that you have to squeeze
in the background because many pendrive
they do not enter at all and we do not believe that
they work and that is to the bottom
well then once we have the will have
introduced is that it has been a very
simple the application starts we're going to
wait a little
the law here as you see already marks me the
generic more electoral again that is
the pen drive and it also marks me the
Windows Media Player PC I now
same this time what I have
put the password key so that
I can access voucher from the computer
and so we're going to focus on the usb
what would this be that you are seeing here
bake we already have the ps4 folder that
we had created and inside we have music and
videos
let's try for example music
well he tells me that you are not there
Content that can be played
because I think the music was not in
mp3 I can not assure you but as
we watch videos and we can play videos
you come from here perfectly
to give it back behind put in the
I work also here you put emotions
in illusions
it would be table pizza and we have like
miniature views
the information or information of each
movie of each video
I like it more in front
benlysta
and nothing yesterday is that simple
just put in the movie inside
of the folder called video inside the
folder called ps4 and nothing else like that
simple can we
we can see our content
the projection four buoys
but also it called rather less
so no longer worth far video
explanatory tutorial quite simple
as you have seen and I hope that what
enjoy that I give them life comentéis de
share with friends so that all
know it and nothing but a goodbye goodbye